partition_manager: allow 'one-of' dict instead of partition name (#1770)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.rst

   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition does not define a ``size`` property, then the partition is removed.
   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition **does** define a ``size`` property, then the ``size`` property is used to set the size.

All occurrences of a partition name can be replaced with a 'one_of' list.
It is not allowed to have the 'app' partition inside a 'one_of' list (as this always exists).

> A 'one_of' list is equivalent to having a list with only the first existing partition in the ``one_of``-list.

Author: Check now, changed "one-of list" with "one-of dict" which is more correct.

   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition does not define a ``size`` property, then the partition is removed.
   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition **does** define a ``size`` property, then the ``size`` property is used to set the size.

All occurrences of a partition name can be replaced with a dict with the key ``one_of``, which is resolved to the first existing partition in the ``one_of`` value.

> It is not allowed to have the ``app`` partition inside such a ``one_of`` dict, because the ``app`` partition always exists.

Reviewer: Why do we have this restriction? Putting 'app' as the last entry in the list seems to me like a valid use case.

Author: You are correct, I added a test with 'app' inside the 'one_of' and will remove this line.

   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition does not define a ``size`` property, then the partition is removed.
   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition **does** define a ``size`` property, then the ``size`` property is used to set the size.

All occurrences of a partition name can be replaced with a dict with the key ``one_of``, which is resolved to the first existing partition in the ``one_of`` value.
It is not allowed to have the ``app`` partition inside such a ``one_of`` dict, because the ``app`` partition always exists.

   .. code-block:: yaml
      :caption: Example use of a ``one_of`` dict

      # Using 'one_of' in a list like this ...
      some_span:
         span: [something, {one_of: [does_not_exist_0, does_not_exist_1, exists1, exists2]}]

      # ... is equivalent to:
      some_span:
         span: [something, exists1]

      # Using 'one_of' as a dict value like this ...
      some_partition:
         placement:
            before: {one_of: [does_not_exist_0, does_not_exist_1, exists1, exists2]}

      # ... is equivalent to ...
      some_partition:
         placement:

>             before: [exists1]

Reviewer: Why not convert directly to `exists1` so it's more consistent? If someone wants to wrap it in a list, they can do it themselves.

Author: Well, its a bit technical, as the python script will actually convert any non-list items with a one-element-list. So its a bit of lying, but its a very white lie, so I can live with that :D

Author: The lines below states this, sort of

Reviewer 2: Go for it! That's the one thing that threw me off a bit.

   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition does not define a ``size`` property, then the partition is removed.
   If none of the partitions in the ``share_size`` list exists, and the partition **does** define a ``size`` property, then the ``size`` property is used to set the size.

> All occurrences of a partition name can be replaced with a 'one_of' dict.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All occurrences of a partition name can be replaced with a dict with the key ``one_of``, which is resolved to the first existing partition in the ``one_of`` value.
```

> It is not allowed to have the 'app' partition inside a 'one_of' dict (as this always exists).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not allowed to have the ``app`` partition inside such a ``one_of`` dict, because the ``app`` partition always exists.
```

> A 'one_of' dict as a dict value is replaced with a list with only the first existing partition in the 'one_of' dict.

Reviewer 2: This and the next line aren't needed, since the example makes it clearer than the text can. ;)

A 'one_of' dict in as list is replaced with the first existing partition in the 'one_of' dict.

   .. code-block:: yaml

>       :caption: Example use of a 'one_of' dict

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      :caption: Example use of a ``one_of`` dict
```

      # Using 'one_of' in a list like this ...
      some_span:
         span: [something, {one_of: [does_not_exist_0, does_not_exist_1, exists1, exists2]}]

>       # ... is equivalent to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # ... is equivalent to:
```

      some_span:
         span: [something, exists1]

      # Using 'one_of' as a dict value like this ...
      some_partition:
         placement:
            before: {one_of: [does_not_exist_0, does_not_exist_1, exists1, exists2]}

      # ... is equivalent to ...
      some_partition:
         placement:
            before: [exists1]

>       # ... which again is equivalent to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # ... which again is equivalent to:
```
